Woman: Previously on Revolution...
- Priscilla.
- Aaron.
- Woman: You know her?
- Aaron: She was my wife.
So a thesis project from MIT makes
you mother of the world's first Al.
Our friend, Peter... he helped too.
This thing is everywhere,
and it's got a mind of its own.
How is that any different from God?
All of your questions will
be answered in Lubbock, Texas.
I am not going.
I think you better come with me.
Jason Neville, come with us, son.
We've got to find out
where he is and get him out.
Hey, Tom.
You're never going
to see each other again.
- Julia!
- Tom!
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm your dad.
You are a Monroe.
You should be leading the Republic.
You and me, together,
we can take it back.
Rachel: This is not a naturally
occurring typhus.
The Patriots started
this outbreak on purpose.
Dad!
Gene's infected.
You infected him.
This is fresh squeezed typhus.
Enjoy.
(SCREAMS)
- Where's the antidote?
- You'll just kill me
- and keep it for yourselves.
- Then you're gonna take us to it.
Freeze!
(CHOKING)
Dad!
Hold him down.
(GENE CHOKING, STRAINING)
Shh...
- He's not breathing!
- Get the bag.
Go.
Come on, Dad.
Dad, wake up!
I just want the meds.
Sanders, take the shot.
Wouldn't do that
if I were you, Sanders.
I'll kill him first.
You shoot me, they'll shoot you.
Take the shot.
I'm telling you, Sanders... don't.
Take the shot!
(GUNSHOT)
(COCKS GUN)
(CASING HITS GROUND)
Anyone else want to take the shot?
No?
Terrific. Then drop 'em.
I need a dose, too.
(GRUNTING)
(SOBBING LIGHTLY)
Go!
(GASPING)
0K8)'-
- Hurry.
- Charlie, dose everyone.
We got to go.
They're gonna be here any minute.
If you want to go, go.
So, you're Monroe's kid, huh?
Really? You want
to do a meet and greet now?
Sir.
Find the damn key!
Yah!
You mind getting out of the way?
We're going on a supply run.
Man: Get up.
Where are you taking me?
Man: I said get up!
Man: Tom Neville.
You know who I am?
How do you do, Mr. President?
Have a seat.
Not the sofa.
That was Reagan's,
and you got dust on your britches.
There.
So, Tom...
You mind if I call you Tom?
Here's what I know about you, Tom.
You have spent
most of the last six months
plotting, conniving...
...doing your damnedest to kill me.
Here, you must be thirsty.
Thank you.
(PANTING)
Sir...
...I don't know what they
told you about me.
- But let me assure you- -
- They say you're eloquent.
They say honey drips
right out of your mouth.
Well, that might work for
half-wits like Allenford, but not me.
I know the truth.
Your wife didn't leave out
a single detail.
Mind if I finish my breakfast?
It seems like I'm taking every
meal at my desk these days.
Where's Julia?
Alive... for now.
Why don't you just kill us
both and get it over with?
You know Willoughby, Texas?
I have very important plans
for that town.
But just as important,
Sebastian Monroe is there.
He's supposed to be dead, but...
...he's not.
Which puts me in a delicate situation
with the Texas Republic.
The one man in my employ who knows
more about Monroe than anyone...
...is you.
So...
...that makes you valuable to me.
I need you, Tom...
...to hunt down Monroe...
...and execute him.
What makes you so sure
you can trust me?
If you so much as sneeze
in a way I don't like,
I'll have her tongue cut out.
And then her eyes.
And then we'll see
where we go from there.
I'll need to take my boy with me.
If he's still alive.
You think you're
in a position to negotiate?
With all clue respect, sir,
killing Monroe is no picnic.
MY boy's good.
He knows Monroe, and he
doesn't want to see his mother dead
any more than I do.
(COUGHING)
Rachel: Dad?
How are you feeling?
Lousy, what do you think?
I think you're getting back
to normal.
How's your grandfather?
Getting better.
Thank you.
Well, I just...
Thank God I was able
to get that medicine in time.
There were guns on me,
like, three of 'em.
- It was intense.
- Yeah.
Somebody had a gun to you?
That sounds terrifying.
It wasn't the first time.
You're so brave.
Well, your instincts kick in.
You don't even think.
No, I bet you don't.
But... anyway, what's your story?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Typhus? I don't know
whether to kill these guys
or write 'em a fan letter.
Yeah, let's do the first thing.
Well, they're
handing our asses to us.
We're outgunned, brother.
We need more men.
We need killers.
- We need to buy 'em.
- Mercenaries?
I know somebody who's got plenty.
It's good help, homicidal help.
I can go get 'em.
And where is this
homicidal friend of yours?
New Vegas.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
What is it?
Director Truman.
Mr. Neville.
Welcome to Willoughby.
Hey.
Where are you going?
- She's going with them.
- Excuse me?
Well, look at 'em over there.
Whispering like
a couple of housewives.
- You trust them together?
- Not even a little.
Somebody's got to watch 'em,
make sure they come back.
And that has to be you?
Last time you and me left,
this moron lost Aaron.
Wow. Nice, Miles.
Thank you.
You can't leave Gene right now.
I got to keep my eye on the Patriots.
- And one eye on you.
- What?
- I'm going. It's not open for debate.
- Who said you're invited?
- Who said it's up to you?
Should I be worried?
No.
Probably.
It's been hectic...
...coming out the other
side of a typhus outbreak.
I heard.
- Heard you saved the town, too.
- Just doing my job.
Well, aren't you the man of the hour?
- How many men do you need?
- It'll just be me and my son.
Out there alone?
And how do you expect to find them?
I served under those men.
I know the moves they'd make,
the places they'd hide out in.
Trust me.
I'll find 'em...
- and kill Monroe.
- Might not be that easy.
Just because you failed at it...
doesn't mean I will.
And why should I listen
to a word you say?
Because I have orders
from President Davis, who says so.
I've seen those orders.
You love your mother, son?
'Cause my orders are, if either
of you step one inch out of line,
I send word to Washington,
and they send her head back in a box.
So...
...you damn well
better get me Monroe.
Priscilla: I don't get it. Why would
the nanos send us here?
Aaron: I don't know.
What are we looking for exactly?
I'll let you know when we find it.
(GUITAR STRUMMING)
So where are we gonna
pick up these men?
A warlord named Duncan Page.
Very dangerous.
So keep your mouth shut
and do what I say.
- I know what I'm doing.
- Not here you don't.
(MEN GRUNTING, SHOUTING)
(CHUCKLING)
♪ (SINGING "EVERY ROSE
HAS ITS THORN") ♪
- What? You know that guy?
- Oh, yeah. The world's gonna end,
and there's gonna be nothing
left but Bret Michaels.
Him and the cockroaches.
(MAN CHATTERING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
So what's this Duncan look like?
Man: Oh, you got to be kidding me!
Jimmy King.
You got some big, swinging brass ones
coming back to my casino.
Gould, all clue respect,
I can explain.
You were my best fighter!
Lucrative, you know.
I had you booked up for weeks.
And then you vanish,
like some hobo on the rails.
Yeah, well, something
important came up.
What's more important than me?
Hm?
Hey.
Hey!
- You seen Duncan?
- Screw Duncan, all right?
You and I got unfinished business.
We got to make this right.
Dick.
Come on.
Hello, Duncan.
Sebastian.
That's Duncan?
And she knows who you really are?
Duncan: There's not a whole lot
I don't know, kid.
You're plucking them awfully
young these clays, aren't you?
We need to talk.
Five minutes,
for old times' sake.
Turn around
and walk away while you still can.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
(GUNS COCKING)
All right. Charlie, hold up, damn it!
Look, guys, just...
Come on.
Relax, okay?
Charlie, put the gun down, now.
New.!
0K8)'-
Now just hear me out.
Fathers, daughters,
mothers, and sons,
walk this way and see the mummified
remains of Steven Tyler!
Right here, ladies and gentlemen!
You do not want to miss this...
I got to admit.
I was wrong about you.
That so?
I thought you were just some chick.
Is that supposed to be a compliment?
I mean, the girls back home...
They're putting beetroot
on their lips.
They're not pulling guns.
I'm not like the girls back home,
am I?
No.
No, you're definitely not.
What?
(WOMAN CHATTERING, INDISTINCT)
Hi.
Are you guys from out of town?
- I guess so.
- Then welcome, friends.
Would you like some food?
We have plenty to share.
Man: Aaron?
Priscilla?
- Peter.
- Oh, my God!
It's good to see you again, pal.
- This makes sense.
- Peter: What do you mean?
How did you know where to find me?
We didn't.
We were kind of sent here.
Well, God's miracles never cease.
Actually, I think it's a little bit
more complicated than that.
I think it has to do
with the three of us
- and what we did at MIT.
- What...
- What do you mean?
- Excuse me, Peter? It's time.
Okay, thank you, thank you.
(MUSIC PLAYING INSIDE)
Guys, I want
you to see something.
R (SINGING
"THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE") ♪
- Peter, what is this?
- Just sit.
(MUSIC STOPS)
(APPLAUSE)
Brothers and sisters, welcome.
(APPLAUDING, CHEERING)
- We're so blessed.
- Crowd: Amen.
We live in an age of wonder...
- ...and of miracles.
- Crowd: Amen.
And, in fact, just tonight,
a miracle was revealed to me.
A reunion...
...with long-lost friends...
...I never dreamed I'd see again.
(APPLAUSE)
But that...
is just the Lord doing his work.
Crowd: Amen.
- Do you believe?
- Crowdl: Yes.
- I said, "do you believe?"
- Crowd: Yes! I believe!
Okay, then.
Give me your hand.
There you go.
One step.
Turn around.
(CROWD GASPING QUIETLY)
Sister, tell us what happened.
I was in the Atlanta blast.
'ZZZ
...been blind ever since.
Lord...
...heal your child.
Lord, send us your light
and make her whole again.
Lord, hear our prayers tonight,
as we beg of you...
...to reach down...
...and touch this lost soul.
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(QUIET SOBS)
I can see.
- Man: Praise God!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- Woman: Praise God!
- Man: Praise God!
What are you doing?
- Come on. We got to go.
- Where?
- Trust me. It's important.
- Is Dad okay?
Yeah, he's fine.
Come on, let's go.
Duncan: You've got five minutes.
So are you up or down?
- I'm doing fine.
- Really? Yeah?
There are many things
that you are very skilled at, Duncan.
Cards is not one of them.
Are you gonna get cute
with me right now?
After the way you left things?
Hell, I think it's adorable
that you still care.
- Four minutes.
- Okay.
You know about these US guys?
I've seen 'em around.
- So?
- You're not worried?
You ever known me
to be the anxious type?
Right.
Hey, you and your...
your tribe...
Bunch of tough guys, right?
Just like the Comanches.
But when the US government
showed up,
how did that pan out for them?
- I don't pick unnecessary fights.
- I'm not asking you to.
I want to buy some of your guys.
- Ten, maybe 15.
- They're not for sale.
You're doing so well on the tables,
you couldn't use the money?
Thirty diamonds a head.
Thirty--
You're out of your mind.
- Ten a head.
- Thirty diamonds a head.
Come on, cut me a break here.
Twenty.
- Twenty-five?
- Thirty a head.
All right.
Thirty.
Nanotech?
So you're telling me
that this whole thing...
...is nanotech?
I know it sounds crazy,
but it's awake or something,
and its OS is the code
that we wrote... that we all wrote.
And the fireflies, the healing...
It's all part of it.
A few months ago...
...this little girl...
12-year-old girl...
She got stabbed in front of me.
And I tried to help,
but there was too much blood.
Nothing I could do.
So I prayed.
You're not exactly the praying type.
You used to drop acid
behind your church.
But I couldn't think
of anything else to do.
And then...
...her wound...
...closed up.
Just like that.
Healed.
I knew it was God.
Priscilla: But it's not God.
You should tell
all those people the truth.
Guys, it's been a...
lot to take in.
What is this?
Well, it's Saturday night.
Let's go see a movie.
(CHUCKLES)
- Come on. Dad's alone.
- No, he--
He's fine. He's...
He's hidden.
He's armed.
I took care of it.
I just want to, for one night,
pretend we're not
busting our asses or...
...fighting a war.
All right, what are we watching?
Please don't say The Notebook.
Evil Dead ll.
Yeah.
That's about right.
Both: Yeah.
Thank you for this.
I think 2O years
is plenty of foreplay.
Yeah.
(PANTING)
So... Yeah.
Huh...
What?
You didn't like it?
I liked it.
I'm just...
...surprised we did it.
Yeah, well, you're cute.
I was bored.
But you know who my dad is.
And I know you think he's a bastard.
Are you like him?
Not at all.
It's just...
Don't you think things
are gonna get weird now?
- Only if you care.
- And you don't?
Look, I'm not gonna apologize.
Life's short.
For us, even shorter.
- What do you mean?
- I got news for you, buddy.
You just joined the losing team.
We'll all be dead
inside a year, tops.
You really believe that?
Don't get me wrong.
I'll go down swinging.
But we can't beat these guys.
It's gonna end bloody for everybody.
So you might as well get
what you can, while you can.
Or you could try
having a little hope.
I'd rather be realistic.
You are kidding me.
You have got to be kidding me!
Hey.Dad.
What are you doing up?
We got company.
They say they're friends of yours?
Miles. Rachel.
It's good to see you again.
How'd you know where I was?
I know the kind of places
you hide out in.
I mean here, Willoughby.
I heard about Monroe...
That he was executed here.
And that Dr. Gene Porter
and Rachel Matheson
did the honors.
I figured wherever Rachel is,
you'd be too.
- I came here to find you.
- Really? Why?
You got to know
about these Patriots, right?
- They're in the area.
- Yeah, I'm aware.
I want revenge.
They dropped the bomb
that killed my wife.
They've got the whole
east coast locked up.
And that's why
I came here to find you.
I figured if you could help, we could
put a dent in these sons of bitches.
Your old man telling the truth?
I swear on my mother's grave.
We're in New Vegas,
literally surrounded by whores.
- You choose her?
- She chose me.
I didn't really have much say in it.
What happens if Miles
or Rachel find out about this?
Think!
You're an idiot, and you're
thinking with the wrong head.
Okay, look. You've been my dad
for, what, all of 15 minutes?
So just stop.
This is either gonna work
with us as partners...
...or it's not gonna work.
Your call.
- You get those mercenaries?
- Yeah, we got 'em.
Just got to pay for 'em.
0K8)'-
You don't think any
of this 700 Club stuff is creepy?
Super creepy.
But it's still Peter.
You know, it's still the same kid
that got his ass kicked
in seventh grade, right beside me.
- I need a drink.
- Well, I'm with you there.
The door's locked.
From the outside.
Still Peter, huh?
They collect the winnings
every two hours,
they carry 'em to the vault.
- Any way to hit the vault?
- Not alive.
We have to take 'em on the floor.
So we're just gonna stick 'em up?
- What, are we crooks now?
- You want those men?
We need those diamonds.
There's too much security in here.
Well, I can get most of 'em
out of here.
How?
(BANGS ON DOOR)
Hey, Gould.
Jimmy. I was wondering
when you were gonna come by.
Come on in.
Have a seat.
Okay.
Look...
I, uh...
I want to make things right.
- Oh, yeah? How you gonna do that?
- Well, I owe you a fight.
So I'm gonna give you one.
Tonight.
You put me up against your best guy.
That's kind of short notice, Jim.
It'd be a big draw.
Oh, come on, boss, I am...
I am trying here.
Cut me a break.
Monroe: All right, look,
Gould and most of his men
are gonna be at the fight.
I figure I can get that casino
pretty empty for a few rounds.
But when it starts,
you got to move fast.
Don't worry.
And...
...thanks...
for letting us handle it.
We're partners, right?
And, Charlotte, try not
to get yourself killed.
At least wait until you're
on Miles's watch.
I'll see you two
at the rendezvous point.
What the hell is this, Peter?
Wait here.
You lock us up?
We're friends.
And I love you.
I do.
But I can't have you out
there bearing false witness.
What the hell does that mean?
It means that if these people find
out about your little machines,
it could ruin their faith.
And faith is a very delicate thing.
This isn't God.
I've been thinking about that.
But I don't see the difference.
It lets me perform miracles.
It blesses me because I listen to it.
It's a wonderful gift.
And maybe if you weren't
so afraid of it,
if you just embraced it,
you'd be able to do the same.
Maybe you just like having those
people down there worship you.
Pete, come on, man.
It's me. It's us. This isn't you.
You don't know me, Aaron.
You haven't seen me for 15 years.
Look, this is a good thing.
We're prophets.
We're here because it wants us here.
And we're gonna stay...
...until we figure out why.
Man". Right in there. Let's go.
(WOMAN SHOUTS)
(CROWD BOOING)
(CHUCKLES)
This is your best guy?
No, no, no.
He manages my best guy.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(CROWD CHEERING WILDLY)
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Man: Diamonds! Diamonds!
H934 you!
Stop!
Stop her!
Give me the gun!
(GUN COCKS)
Man: Stop that girl!
Get up!
(MUTED)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Boss, over here!
What the hell is this?
(English US - SDH)